README.md, before:

# API_Brewery

---
## Selected Breweries by State  

Design Document

Sean Doyle

### Description of Project

The API provides the user contact information associated with all Brewery types (defined by Open Brewery DB) for a selected State by the user.

### User Stories

User Stories for Breweries API...

-	As a user, I would like to see more detailed information about the Brewery I select.  

Acceptance Criteria: Add Google Maps to an address link, and do they serve food.  If so, provide a food menu.

-	As a Beer Lover, I would like to know what the ranking is for the Brewery within the State.

Acceptance Criteria: Display the rankings of 3 three sources within the State selected.

-	As a user, I would like to see inormation regarding promotions and special events offered by the Brewery.

Acceptance Criteria:  Obtain marketing information from the Breweries.


### Technologies Used
- HTML
- CSS
- JAVASCRIPT

### Upcoming Improvements  
- Add image of the Brewery
- Add Google Maps feature

### Contact
Sean Doyle - Seandoyleitdeveloper@gmail.com

Project Link: https://seandoyle-mg.github.io/API_Brewery/

Commit message:

updated User Stories, added dropdown selection for STATES, moved wireframes to new folder

README.md, after:

# API_Brewery

---
## Selected Breweries by State  

Design Document

Sean Doyle

Project Link: https://seandoyle-mg.github.io/API_Brewery/

### Description of Project

The API provides the user contact information associated with all Brewery types (defined by Open Brewery DB) for a selected State by the user.

### User Stories

User Stories for Breweries API...

-	As a potential customer, I would like to see more detailed information about the Brewery I select, so I can make suggestions to my friends as to what Breweries are good. 

Acceptance Criteria: Add Google Maps to an address link, and do they serve food.  If so, provide a food menu.

-	As a frequent visitor of Breweries, I like to visit a different Brewery when I go out with my friends.  I would like to know what the ranking is for the Brewery within the State. The ranking information will entice me to visit the higher ranking Breweries more often.

Acceptance Criteria: Display the rankings of three sources within the State selected.

-	As a Brewery customer, I would like to see information regarding promotions and special events offered by the Brewery.  This information would be a good way to meet new people and try different types of beer.

Acceptance Criteria:  Obtain marketing information from the Breweries.


### Technologies Used
- HTML
- CSS
- JAVASCRIPT

### Upcoming Improvements  
- Add image of the Brewery
- Add Google Maps feature

### Contact
Sean Doyle - Seandoyleitdeveloper@gmail.com
